the patient physician relationship
she's phenomenal because it involves
a person on the other side of the
another person on the other who is the
patient relationship and the trinomial
family grilling friends at last the net
of the patient
then the essence of the relationship is that the
doctor or health care professional if
he also needs to have a
perception of what it is that it is bringing
for the patient as a non- language
verbal to be really is giving
attention to what you are patient
explaining you are evaluating
symptoms if it is present.
prepared technically and in what way
that it can improve your communication
because often the person knows a lot
and communicates little it communicates much
knows why then it is fundamental that
all this while patient
he has to organize for one
Query
He has to know the exams he brings.
following a chronological order
have a list of questions and
answers to the doubts he will
acquiring meeting with talk not
was ashamed to ask, is that question?
really does not offend what's the
difficulty is availability of
professional because often the
patient question but the professional
is scarcely available to bring a
answer
and that this emptiness often
information makes the patient
inclusive and do not make a
adequate adherence to the treatment then
that the patient understands adequately
what was said and what needs to be
done
need to see all this
communication between the professional and
I passed